The adventurer carefully picked his way through confines of the dark cave. His torch flickered and danced in the moist air. He could still hear the distant drums echoing in the faint breeze in the tunnel behind him. Suddenly, his torch went out, and his world was plunged into darkness. But not complete darkness, there was a faint light ahead, a hazy, green, tinge light…
Shuffling forward, he startled, as his hands touched the rough outline of vegetation. Wielding his machete, he started cutting an opening and the light grew brighter. Suddenly he stumbled, falling forward, rolling and rolling into bright sunlight and tall, thick grass.
He found himself standing in a vast open plain with high mountains in the distance encompassing the area in a huge crescent. Despite the terrors of the long grass there was an ominous feeling of vulnerability in this open environment. As if it was some kind of... focal point for a devious, but as yet unsprung trap. Towards the far end of the plain a large outcropping could be seen, rising sharply, like a dark, black mesa. As swiftly as his heart would beat, he made for the higher ground...
The adventurer gazed down from the mesa towards the thick jungle that was now between him and the mountains. Mountains that were so much closer now, looming over him like claws, their shadow casting darkness stretching towards him over the vast greenery. Yet, looking closer, in the distance, he could see a clearing. Rising gently from within, was a ghost like smirk. A welcome...? ...or a warning?
He ran, as hard as he could, the shouts and wails of the cannibals were all too close. Darts zipping past his cheeks as he half ran, half fell down the steep jungle hill: not this time will he plan of waiting at bottom of the hill with a plain and easy escape. Alas, there was a cave in the foot of the mountains, perhaps, he could reach it, he might have a chance… 
Oblivious to him, the pursuers have halted with a sudden sensation of dread and silence. As if they feared to tread further into the valley, lest they disturb something not of this world...